Coastal Elements AI Introduction- S.L. Nusbaum - November 05
VIEW RECORDING - 50 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/Gis1bmxWHPRhMy-eM-yPZBkmB_NDCzHy

---

0:00 - Dylan ryan (by Coastal Elements)
  Now, hey, can you hear me all right? Yeah, I can hear you.

0:05 - Princeps Polycap (poly186.io)
  Can you hear me all right?

0:07 - Dylan ryan (by Coastal Elements)
  I got you good. Drew, you good as well? Yeah, I can hear you perfectly.

0:12 - drew
  Perfect.

0:13 - Dylan ryan (by Coastal Elements)
  Yeah, and my, uh, let me know, Mark, if you hear an echo, for whatever reason, Google Meets is hit or miss on mine.  You'll either hear an echo somehow or otherwise, but if you're good, then I'll go.

0:24 - drew
  seem okay.

0:26 - Dylan ryan (by Coastal Elements)
  Beautiful, beautiful. Um, so, appreciate you joining. Um, I'll just start with a quick introduction, um, from, from myself, and then, you obviously, Mark, if you can introduce yourself as well, um, just, you know, I, I look at this as a very introductory conversation, right?  Just more so just trying to get to know kind of your role, what you guys are doing there. Obviously, Richard made the connection there, wanted to share a little bit of our, our background, uh, what we do, and then just see if there's any synergies on, on, how we can partner and help you guys out in any way kind of thing, right?

0:56 - Mark Ashley
  So, um, start with an introduction myself, Dylan Ryan.

1:00 - Dylan ryan (by Coastal Elements)
  I'm local to the Panther Roads area from Virginia Beach. Been here since I was about eight years old. My background has been in IT and management consulting for the last 15 years.  Prior to starting Coastal Elements AI, I was a partner to VP for a regional consulting firm that primarily focused on large enterprises.  So I managed a few divisions that supported a lot of our large enterprise clients. So I spent the last 10 years or so supporting companies like Disney, Kroger, Anthem, the insurance company, Amerigroup, which you probably are aware of over here, obviously, from that standpoint.  So I oversaw both delivery and account management. I was a partner there for about 10 years. And over the last three years prior to leaving, there was a big push towards AI, obviously.  So I found myself fortunate enough to be working with those organizations on their AI. I journey, right? And learned very quickly that one, you you would think Disney Anthem, that you've got the smartest people in the world, you know, working for these folks, but they're listening to me as to what they should be doing, you know, with AI.  And then in addition to that, I'm sure I took a look at your background as well. You've worked in the consulting world, as I'm sure you can imagine.  Large enterprises, a lot of red tape, a lot of legalities. Those organizations are not as agile and really able to implement AI solutions as quickly as, say, small and mid-sized businesses can.  So, a lot of the work that we had been doing was a lot around AI readiness, you know, building out the data, you know, structure and things like that so that they can, you know, implement AI solutions downstream.  So, a lot of, you know, pre-work for AI implementation downstream, whereas, like I said, AI is moving so quickly that there's a lot of even small simple solutions that can be implemented that, you know, more agile organization.  organizations that don't have as much, you know, red tape nuances to them could see value. So that's where Coastal Elements AI kind of came into existence.  It's, you know, helping small and mid-sized businesses start to enable and learn how to start to incorporate AI into their workflows.  So that's where the focus has been. We do, in addition to that, build out AI SaaS products by domain.  We found, obviously, within certain industries, you know, common problems will be found throughout with different organizations. So, there's opportunities to build, you know, products that, you know, multiple companies within that vertical can support.  So, that's very, very high level about my back or myself. I did invite two members of our delivery team to join as well.  We've got Prinkeps, who's a tech lead. I'll let him introduce himself and then Drew, one of our delivery managers.  But, Prinkeps, if you want to do a quick intro, that'd be great. Yeah.

3:53 - Princeps Polycap (poly186.io)
  fantastic. Thank you, Dylan. So, you know, we've been, we've been, I've been, just the. After a space for about 10 years, started off self-taught.  was going to school for bioengineering. My mom wanted me to be a doctor. I wanted to, you know, operate on computers.  And so I made the pivot. And ever since then, it's more or less history. So, you know, I'm going to keep it short.  I think, you know, for all intents and purposes, we just want to be able to understand how we can, you know, use the skill sets we've gained over 10 years to collaborate.  Great. Great. Great.

4:31 - Mark Ashley
  So, once again, my name's Andrew, or Drew.

4:34 - drew
  So, I started off my career more in the finance sector as a commodities broker. Forehand, so I traded more of a heating oil, RVV, you know, that sort of thing.  I'm on the NYMEX transition to the healthcare industry. So, we built and scaled an insurance agency to a third-party administrator.  So, we're one of the, like, seven companies that work with CMS during, like, the whole Obamacare, the Affordable Care Act thing when it first came out back in 2014.  So, we worked with CMS. The subsidized, like, federal and state-sponsored policies. So we serve as, we grew the business up to, like, 15,000 clients in 36 states, about, like, 120 different insurance companies.  Thereafter, I co-founded an urgent care clinic in South America, in Bogota, and in different cities in Colombia, like Bogota, Medellin, Cartagena, Santa Marta, and Panama, Panama City, Panama.  Did a biotech company as well. Now, again, what I'm doing here with Poly and with Dylan here is more responsible for just coordinating teams, managing timelines, resources, and kind of, like, communicating with the clients, make sure everything gets delivered on time.  That's it for me. Cool.

5:42 - Mark Ashley
  Well, it's my turn, I guess. Mark Ashley. Been with SL Nesbaum in an official full-time capacity for two months now.  But I was a full-time consultant with them for the last three and a half-ish years. Before that, I served as the interim IT director while we found a permanent who just retired.  So before that was with Endurance IT Services, local consulting group here in Hampton Roads. Well, they were a consulting group when I joined them, and I came from a managed services provider before that at Chesapeake and, you know, helped Endurance go from basically 15 different consulting engineers that were out in the wind to building out managed services practice, staffing practice, development practice, business consulting, and all that.  I was personally responsible for leading the field engineering team, but like I said, you know, the last three and a half, four years, I've really been full-time committed to NESBOM.  So it was a natural transition to come in, you know, the previous director and I spent a lot of time and energy.  Bringing Nesbom into, you know, a more modern, excuse me, stance as it relates to IT. So, you know, a lot of the heavy lifting has been done infrastructure-wise.  So the things we're focusing on now are obviously AI, because it's on the tip of everyone's tongue. And, you know, continuing to streamline the business processes here and help give them the resources they need to, you know, just stay modern, stay secure, all the things.  So we're a Microsoft shop here, fully moved into Azure Infrastructure as a Service as of about a year and a half ago.  So, and with that, in the full 365 suite, you know, it was a natural choice for us to really kind of focus on co-pilot for, you know, the AI assistant type stuff.

7:59 - drew
  We just finished.

8:00 - Mark Ashley
  The first round of training for everyone, you know, introducing them to Copilot Chat, trying to get them used to, you know, prompting and thinking in that space.  We partner with a cloud service provider out of Richmond. The previous gentleman had a relationship with them. So, you I'm just kind of continuing that along.  They're helping us. We just rolled out a Copilot agent for some of the brokers up there. And, yeah, I think I just released it to the assistants today.  So we'll see how that goes. But it's pretty rudimentary. You know, it's just an agent. So basically a bunch of workflows that go out and, you know, we'll gather a bunch of aggregate data and compile it into kind of a one-pager for a broker to take out to a customer.  But, you know, it's just an example of kind of the request that we're getting. And, hey, take this overly manual.  Cool, time-intense process and give me an easy button kind of thing. As far as AI, other AI solutions go, my stance has really been, you know, we're a small shop, first of all.  We've got, it's myself, I've got three help desk folks, two people that are more accounting related. One of them is a business analyst, the other one is kind of our, you know, liaison.  And then a network administrator and a client-facing admin. So it's a small shop to support, you know, 200-plus corporate employees and another 1,000 multifamily employees.  And Dylan, I'm not sure what Richard told you about our business, but I'll just kind of go through it real quick so everybody's got a good idea.  So the corporate entity, we're based here in Norfolk, we've got a satellite office in Richmond, and that's where all of the admin staff, you know, HR, finance, all that.  is along with our commercial real estate, our multifamily kind of admin level folks, and the brokerage, which they do, you know, buy, sell, real estate transactions, you know, all that stuff.  So it's really like this is more like seven or eight different companies under one umbrella, right? And then when it comes to the multifamily properties, we treat them more like their managed services customers from an IT perspective, right?  We have ownership groups, they might own one property or several properties, and they pay Nesbom to manage all the properties.  So we handle all of the, you know, rent payment, maintenance, you know, all from top to bottom, marketing, everything comes through us.  But that said, know, each property, the leasing office is totally different. Some of them that we've had the opportunity.  opportunity to go in and really put our stamp on it. It's a modern office space. And then other places are kind of like what you see when you go to your grandparents' house.  So it's a unique organization in that, you know, everybody's got different departments, but these departments are almost like little mini companies.  So they have a completely separate budget line and everything. So fielding that, you know, supporting that as the director here and trying to funnel all of the different requests and, you know, figure out where our money's best spent, how do we keep it within the guardrails that, that, you know, we've set to protect the company while still facilitating, you know, each one of these separate needs.  That's really where the challenge is. And so when it comes to AI, my focus has been, you know, we have Copilot, we've released it to everyone, you know, that there's your assistant, right?  It can do all the things. And, you know, it being within our 365 don't did it. I'm confident that our information is secure.  It's, you know, it's not going out and training any of the big models. And then when it comes to specific requests, my first question is, you know, the solution you're looking for within this application or offering whatever, does the vendor have something?  Because my goal is to really force the vendors into offering this stuff, rather than getting into the trap that the company had been in for the last 15 to 20 years, where there's a bunch of homebrew, one-off, you know, snowflake solutions that, you know, the guy that set it up has been gone for four years.  There's no documentation. Nobody has any clue how it works. And all of a sudden, we find out that it's responsible for, you know, some huge portion of income.  So that's kind of where I'm coming from. You know, that said, I'm always open to conversation, discussion. AI is so dynamic right now that...  You know, you have to keep the discussions going. So that's kind of what I'm hoping to get out of you guys is what are you seeing in the commercial real estate, multifamily real estate management space, companies about our size, you know, what's out there?

13:17 - Dylan ryan (by Coastal Elements)
  100%. And I appreciate that overview because, again, I've had over the years many conversations with Richard, but, you know, getting a refresh on that is very, very helpful, right?  So, and I think you're approaching it the right way in that, you know, because you're right. One of the things that we try to bring to every one of our partnerships is that, like, forward thinking, because if you're not, it's a full-time job to keep up with how fast things are moving.  There's a new tool, a new, you know, company that's popping up here and everywhere. It's very hard to stay on top of that.  So part of, like, what our partnership typically would entail is making sure that we're forward thinking and keeping you ahead of the curve on there.  Because at the end of the day, it works. We're fortunate in this conversation because you come from an IT background.  I have a lot of conversations with business owners that are much more removed from technology, right? So, and that's been one of the most surprising things for me is that gap between when you've gone and you've worked with Disney and Kroger on what they're doing, they're looking two years out.  And so you're looking very forward thinking there to where most people understand we are with technology and where we're going on there, huge gap, right?  So, to be honest with you, these conversations and the path forward with the different clients that we've talked to, looked very different, you know, every single time because it really depends on where you are, you know, in kind of your maturity and readiness for AI and kind of what your use cases are, right?  So, to that point, you know, there's a lot of different paths, right? To me, and I'll let, you know, Drew and Pekups bring some of their perspective into it as well.  But the big thing here is like AI will be implemented in every organization, every business. And I don't like this.  That every function of the business has its own, you know, list of use cases of which could be of help, right, and are going to be addressed at some point with AI, right?  So for me, you know, there's a ton of different, I mean, we can go down a million different paths.  The way that I typically approach these conversations is really starting more so with the top challenges or goals, you know, that you guys have internally, because we can go department by department, we can go through and give you, you know, 50 or 20 things that are going on right now in AI that you can start to implement, but at the end of the day, my typical recommended approach is let's identify what the largest challenges are, you know, figure out what the best use case, you know, give you guys kind of a list of use cases of which would make most sense, and then you can kind of go a little bit further into that, right?  So to me, like I said, I can tell you what I've been doing a lot in the real estate, we haven't done a ton recently, I'll be honest with you, in commercial real estate specifically, I do a lot in residential real estate, but it's primarily...  They're barely around lead generation, managing sales processes, documentation management, things like that in that space. But there's, you know, process automation, to me, that's one of the hardest things.  What I'm doing is, it's a big shift from large enterprises to small and mid-sized businesses. Because as much, there's, if we can get Drew and Brinkett to start talking about all the process-related AI implementations that you can do in a process, they would love, they can talk to you for hours about that.  But in a lot of small and mid-sized businesses, they're so, where's that next dollar coming from, that a lot of it ends up being very front-facing that they're looking at, right?  So, to me, you guys are a large organization, which kind of leans more towards, you can be a bit more strategic in kind of what you're trying to accomplish there, where you want to start, you know, from a prioritization perspective on AI.  So, to me, I would be interested, not to try to spin it back to you, but in essence, kind of get an idea of like, hey, I know you were only two months in the job.  So, I guarantee. You know, you're still getting your, you've been working with them, so you have good lay of the land, but, you know, putting your stamp on, this is the roadmap as to where we're trying to go and what we're trying to do, I'm sure that's still in flight, right?  You're still, that's a moving piece, and it's going to continue to be, given the dynamicness of where AI is and where technology is going, right?  So, but two months in, I would be interested to know kind of what, you walked in the door, what are they putting on?  Hey, these are the things that we need to look at first. You know, you did obviously mention, there's a ton of opportunity, I'd be very much interested in understanding, because you're dealing in the, you said, multifamily homes area, that seems very opportunistic, right?  In my opinion, simply because there's so much differentiation, there's a problem, probably a lot of manual effort that goes into even cleaning up and your centralizing information and all that kind of stuff.  So, huge opportunity in that space, in my opinion, you know, obviously you have to get under the hood and figure out, you know, what the best approach would be on that side.  But outside of that would be very much. Interested in kind of understanding what your two months into the role, you've seen as like the lowest hanging fruit for opportunity or where you've seen kind of the nudge from leadership as to, hey, this is the area we would like to focus on at all.

18:15 - Mark Ashley
  You know, the nudge has been, what is it? What is AI? You know, and you guys deal with C-suite folks a lot, right?  So, you know, they go to a lunch, they get a buzzword in their head, they come back and it's, so, you know, dealing with that and just trying to, let's just bring it in, let's talk about what problem are you solving for, right?  And I tell everyone that comes to me to talk about this stuff, you know, AI is the hammer, but not everything is the nail, right?  And, you know, we're coming up on, we're right in the middle of our budget season. So, I've already submitted my first draft for next year and, you know, some of the consulting hours that I budgeted in are focused around  But it's always the same question, you know, what's the return, right? So we had an example where, like, I'll just give you a quick one.  So some of the admins, when they're dealing with these contracts, they can be 300, 400 pages long. So how do we redline these things to look for, you know, keywords?  Because a lot of these are boilerplate, right? But then you've got small differences. So that was a case where it's like, you know, drop it into the chat, and, you know, user prompts, and there you go.  We've had a couple of other requests, and it turned out that the main line of business application we use here, that we're targeting upgrade for spring-summer, it's got built-in, you know, AI in it.  So that's going to answer a couple of those. The other ones that have been brought to me, you know, one of them, it turned out, it was just a red.  Ridiculous ask, first of all, and then there was no return on it. You know, the question was, well, can we create this and then resell it?  No, we're not in that business, not yet. So unfortunately, I don't have a lot to give you because it's so new and everyone here that it's at the decision-making level is so green, right?  Just getting them to start using the assistant is really just a huge win for us. I'm starting to have more conversations with some of the department heads, and we have a department head meeting later this month that I think I'm going to get a lot more kind of inside information as to what these folks are looking for.  And then some of the brokers, they have a monthly meeting that they invited me to in January. So that'll really be the big one that I think a lot of the kind of one-off requests more.  be Thank Customs are going to come from, stuff like that, because, you know, overall, there's not a big need that has been communicated to me yet for, you know, an overarching, you know, solution.  But, you know, like Richard and his team and some of the other groups of brokers, they've all got, you know, needs.  I just haven't had the opportunity to really get down and get in the weeds with them yet. It's been fast and furious the last, especially, month, trying to get the multifamily and the corporate budgets in.  And when we say multifamily, it's apartment complexes, it's nursing homes, it's, you know, it's all that stuff. I think they've got 30,000-ish plus units right now.  Wow. But, you know, in that world, they use, they've already got, you know, software solution in place. And then the people that are actually out there managing these places, they're not really forward technical folks.  So it's difficult to have conversations like This, with, you know, the regionals and things like that.

22:05 - Dylan ryan (by Coastal Elements)
  So, I wish I had no, no, To be honest with you, you're, you're, you're in the same state that most organizations are, right?  So, so don't think anything other than that. My, my big thing that, if anything, I'd give you just a tidbit that, that hopefully when you're having those conversations, and one thing that will be an output that I think will be helpful is even, we can share with you, you know, a document that has some questions that might be good to ask in those departmental meetings that would help you because I feel like one of the biggest challenges that I've had in these types of discovery calls or even calls with groups there is everyone has their idea of like what AI is and they like to lead with, I, if AI could do this, you know, whatever it is, and they just kind of create their idea and that's where it starts.  Whereas that's not, in my opinion, the correct approach, right? It's, to me, it is what, like, at the most simplistic level, which we're,  I try to keep it very simple. Everything that we do, we look at from the lens of the standard user.  We want everything that we build and or support to be very user-friendly. You want someone that, you know, click this, click that, click that kind of thing so that it's very simple for, you know, the commonplace and have all the fanciness done in the background and most that we do from that standpoint, right?  So just know anything that we would move forward, we would go through that lens and try to make sure that the standard user would kind of be able to support that.  But I tend to look at what are, what time is being spent, right? You know, if you're looking at an individual or a department, like how much manual effort and time are you doing, doing this manual to administrative tasks, this analysis, documentation type of stuff, that's like the lowest hanging fruit stuff, right?  To me, it's like you start more so like what are the biggest time sucks really at the end of the day?  Like where do you spend the bulk of your time? And then from there, you know, being able to, it's.  It's easier because that's one of the biggest things that we do on the front end of any sort of person is because part of the challenge is exactly that, ROI.  What is the ROI that you're going to get from that? And it's hard to articulate that. Well, we can do that, right?  In any sort of POC, any kind of analysis there, the amount of time spent by resources doing this versus the amount of time now being spent on that same activity, that shows an ROI there immediately, right?  From that standpoint, we do that as kind of a part of the, like, part of the process of scoping and being able to figure out, you what path it is to make to move forward.  So, the idea of, you know, putting, having something to put in front of leadership to say, what is the ROI to be able to do that?  That's something we would help you kind of put together so that, you know, we can help you kind of move that forward because that's in essence what everyone's going to want.  What is the ROI? You know, you don't want to just do AI for the sake of AI, you know, necessarily, but like, what is the result?  And that's, in essence, what we would help you do from that standpoint, right? So, to me, process-heavy, Documentation heavy, you know, workflow type of stuff are very, very, we can go well beyond that, you know, if you dive deeper into any area, but to me, that's the easiest, because the big thing for us is you just got to find one quick win for the organization, show them kind of what that is, and then it's a lot easier for them to comprehend and understand.  They just think AI, most people don't understand exactly what that means, but once they see it in their lens, through their lens, in their kind of workflow and their business, everyone's like, okay, I want that for me over here in sales now, I want that, you know, something like that for this function I have over here, kind of concept there.

25:37 - Princeps Polycap (poly186.io)
  Yeah, I was going to add on to that a little bit there. I think, you know, when companies are thinking about how to implement automation, AI, you know, it's a hot buzzword, everybody's trying to, you know, get into it.  We found a lot of success from focusing on KPIs, right? KPIs and OKRs, right? Those are already things that, you know, companies who are doing well have been measuring for years.  And so when we're thinking about... Hey, we need to utilize this new technology. How do you measure the success of that technology within your business model, right?  And the best ways to do that is based on the KPIs and OKRs. Those, especially the OKRs, the objective key results, are good mandates to just kind of be able to build the automations and the workflows and the automated business processes around.  There's also, you we've also worked with companies who have had fragmented processes, right? So automation helps bridge those gaps without having to retrain people.  So, you know, there's definitely, you know, I definitely agree with everything Dylan is saying. wanted to kind of add this on top.  As you were thinking about this, some of the other things is, you know, folks in not just the real estate market, but in, you know, other, let's say, restaurants and franchisees of restaurants, they wanted to be able to automate processes.  But there was fragmentation between different stores and different things like that. So automation can help bridge those gaps, right?  Okay. So I just kind of wanted to add a tidbit in there. You know, I think, Mark, you wanted to say something?

27:10 - Mark Ashley
  No, no, no. I was going to add on to something, but we're good. I did want to ask you guys, though, what is the AI platform that you are gravitating towards?  Do you have a language model that you prefer? Do you work, you know, with whatever the customer is already using?  Like, are you agnostic?

27:35 - Princeps Polycap (poly186.io)
  Yeah, you give your first thoughts there for you. Yeah, no. Yeah, thanks. So it really depends. I think of LLMs as tools, right?  And depending on the context and the process that we really need to do, we don't need, let's say, Cloud Sonic 4.0 when a GPT-5 mini can work, right?  And so... It really depends on the context of the workflow, the context of the work, and even the agent, right?  And you've probably heard of, you know, words such as context engineering and various things like that. You're probably also familiar with hallucination and, you know, the fact that these LLMs are prone to that, right?  So being able to, you know, the way I think about it is, is we're, you know, a lot of the infrastructure is built on Azure.  And because of, you know, their compute and the integration that they have with OpenAI models, but, you know, in day-to-day, I tend to use Cloud Sonnet, right?  Because of its reasoning and its capabilities. So it really depends on the goals that we really want to achieve, right?  What processes are we automating? What is the, you know, kind of, you know, boiling ourselves down into that process and thinking about, okay, this thing, it's a thinking system fundamentally, but it's a thinking system that wakes up with no context, right?  It wakes up as like, okay, yeah, I have to do a job. What's my job? My job is this.  And you give it a character, you give it a system prompt, and then it thinks, okay, well, here's who I am.  What tools do I have? Right now, you're thinking about the tools and the APIs that it's connecting to. And the reasoning levels of that is also dependent on the task it has, right?  If it's ingestion of data and processing it and answering a question, we want something that at each of those stages to be either fast, either higher reasoning, or either slow, right?  So if it's quick answering questions, then, you know, we want a quick model that is not too slow and thinks too much.  But if we're ingesting documents and creating reports, let's say at the end of a quarter, then we want something that can run in the backend process for a lot longer, right?  So, you know, we, to kind of sum it up, we use Azure as a primary, you know, underpinning, then AWS.  When it comes to LLMs, it really is dependent on the goals and really what process and what, you know, what work do we, what tasks do we want to  would be accomplished here. And the specificity and lack of hallucination, then you're bringing in context, then you're bringing in all the data points and the, yeah, it can get a little, you know, don't let me nerd out.  But yeah, I hope that kind of gives you a little bit of a, you know, high level view. If you gave me an example and you just said, hey, here's an example use case, here's a scenario, let's play with that, right?  Then I can actually dial it in really well and really give you some hard-coded recommendations.

30:28 - Mark Ashley
  So when you guys are, are building these out for customers, um, you know, where, where are you building it?  What environment are, are you doing it in, you know, like we're, like I said, we're an Azure shop. So would you guys build it out in an Azure space in our environment?  Would you put it on some, you know, Colo hosted solution that you're managing and then, you know, we pay you per month?  Like, generally speaking, how do these projects, uh, end up?

30:54 - Dylan ryan (by Coastal Elements)
  Oh, let's see, perhaps you can start with that one. Yeah.

31:00 - Princeps Polycap (poly186.io)
  So Yeah. It depends with the infrastructure. Yeah, depends with the infrastructure that the client has in place, right? So since you have Azure and more or less the solution we're building, we'll more or less, you know, the stages we go with is audits.  We first start to audit. We audit the, you know, the processes you have, the actual data you have. So what are we ingesting?  You know, what processes, SOPs, different things like that. And then we give you a recommendation, right? You know, if the client doesn't have any infrastructure in place, then, and they want to have a proof of concept early on, so we will, you know, we'll host it on our side and give them the experience of actually using that.  And once they're ready to actually deploy it onto their side and manage the cost of that, cut costs, because then they can actually manage everything in a self-hosted fashion, then we can move into that stage.  But, you know, from what I'm hearing is that you already have an Azure environment set up. And so, you know, that seems to be where a lot of, you know, the processes that you undergo would actually live in, right?  So, you know, some of the things you'd even think about is fine-tuning different LLens, right? Since you... So that suite already in place, you can fine-tune an LLM based on the actual contracts and documents you have to be able to actually give you more of a competitive edge so you're not just taking something off the shelf.  You can take it off the shelf, tune it a little bit, and then kind of deploy it into your own instance.  Okay.

32:17 - Mark Ashley
  So what I'm hearing is you guys would build the solution inside our Azure instance. Obviously, we would handle the subscription and all that stuff.  But you guys aren't providing products that you're then keeping in your own environment and leasing back. You build it in the customer space and say, here you go, you're welcome, and call us if you need help kind of deal.

32:43 - Dylan ryan (by Coastal Elements)
  So I'll take that one for you. So it really just depends, right? So some clients, they want this product to be their own, and they want it to be their own from that perspective.  Otherwise, so for example, our real estate solution we have right now, that's a... built SaaS product that we would then, you know, allow users to subscribe into and leverage that as well, right?  So both avenues are possibilities from that standpoint as to how we want to implement the solution, just depending on the use case, the solution itself, and all that.  So we've done both models as it relates to kind of, you know, preferred implementation. I know just from hearing from your approach here, you know, having a lot of tech debt and, you know, a lot of stuff that you're going to have to manage downstream is not necessarily something that you guys interested in.  So we would build that into our approach to whatever use cases that we would be supporting from that perspective, right?  I've also found, just so you're aware, too, like, and this is, you know, I touched on it early on in the conversation.  There are new tools and platforms that are popping up every single day. So there are times, I'll tell you right now, probably 40% of the work that we've done, you know, at least recently, is kind of leveraging  some new tools or tools that are out there as part of a larger solution, right? You might be able to get an API or install a tool here that's very specific to a certain function there that you can then integrate with a broader system there as well.  So there isn't a lot of that that can go into it as well because there are times when you don't want to necessarily reinvent the wheel.  There's a product over here that is there, baked and ready to go. Incorporate that, build on top of it, and then you can have your own kind of custom, you know, support that makes sense.  So we see a lot of that, at least recently.

34:37 - Mark Ashley
  No, I am number one. I don't want to be the first. Somebody else has already had this problem and solved for it.  So let's let's borrow. That's, yeah. No, no question about it.

34:50 - Dylan ryan (by Coastal Elements)
  Right. And so, yeah, so I think, like I said, it's out and that's the nice thing about kind of, you know, our approach, but also just AI in general, like there's a lot of different ways that you can approach this.  Right. Right. So, you know, the different. Different clients that we work with, know, their preferences, obviously, and even to, you know, add on to what Princeps was saying about like what LLMs there, cost obviously is another component there, right?  You know, you're going to pay a premium for certain models depending on what you're trying to get there, but if it's a recurring thing that doesn't require a lot of reasoning, you can go a lower cost model as well.  So there's a lot of factors that would play into the right approach. It's really just turning what levers that you, you know, would like to turn and then putting together the right, you know, approach to that particular solution would be kind of, you know, my approach.

35:35 - Mark Ashley
  Yeah, think for the immediate future, I think allowing me some time to, you know, really start having these one-on-ones with, you know, the executives and find out what's, you know, where their brains are at.  Because what I'm seeing for, not so much early next year, but late 26 into 27, I think what you're going to start seeing is...  Companies like ours really starting to market what AI solutions they have and how, you know, how we're offering AI to benefit our customers.  And if we're not doing that, then I think that it's going to pass us by. So I really think that, you know, a partnership between our groups, I see it being more of a, you know, more focusing on developing a solution, not so much answering a problem we have, you know, like, hey, take care of these contracts.  We can do that, whatever. That's not a problem. But I think more vision is what a group like yours could offer us.  So if you could, give me a few months to, to really, you know, start having these conversations outside of just trying to tread water and figure out how I approve invoices because I've never seen the invoices, you know, stuff like that.
  ACTION ITEM: Schedule mid-Jan follow-up w/ Mark re: AI opportunities - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/Gis1bmxWHPRhMy-eM-yPZBkmB_NDCzHy?timestamp=2210.9999  Yeah. You know, maybe mid-January, kind of regroup, and see what conversations we're starting to have, and see if there's an opportunity, and just go from there.  I love it.

37:14 - Dylan ryan (by Coastal Elements)
  We will absolutely, I'll set something up for mid-January, it's kind of a fall-up there. I will also suggest, or offer, right, and I can put some, you know, kind of paper as to, you know, what you can look at, but we, a lot of what I found valuable, and we can offer it as well, is just doing kind of like workshops, right?  And it's more so, get, the example being, you get in with the HR group, you just kind of work, hey, what are some of the things that you're doing, and more so just, you know, better understanding kind of their department, what the opportunities are there, and looking at that as well, and then giving you guys a list of things.  I hear things that could be opportunities for you, right? And I know you're talking about, you know, your vision, or the way you see it, it's more, hey, we want to, in all likelihood, leadership's going to want to build a product that they can then promote in saying, hey, we offer this.  To our clients, absolutely something that a lot of organizations are going to do and really need to do. That's what everybody, but right now, you don't know what's lipstick on a pig and just, you know, lip service at this point and so on.  So everyone's trying to do it. You mentioned one of the tools that you said, they already have AI functionality on there.  I would venture to say you should look into exactly what AI is that they have on there because a lot of times people are just, hey, they might put something there just to try to say it is at this point, but everyone's trying to do it, right?

38:29 - Mark Ashley
  I mean, we're leveraging a couple of proper AI solutions where, you know, we've got a bot that monitors and, you know, a quick example, we've got the utility bills, all the invoices for water, power, all that.  They're all dumped into our repository. The bot goes through, ingests everything, parses it, and then dumps out in PDF, you know, what actually needs.  to be passed on, because it could be a 40-page bill, right? And previously, an accountant was sitting there, opening the letter, going through, finding it, you know, making hand notes, scanning it, you know, all that.  So now we just dump the whole bill, the bot goes through, parses, you know, it can tell what property, what the provider is, how much, and then it takes all that, dumps it into a SharePoint repository, and from there, the assigned people for those properties, all they have, they have one stop.  So, you know, that's an example of something that we're actively leveraging AI for, and, you know, like all the other AI solutions, you know, prompt or die, right?  And so, we have to get after the team sometimes, you know, every few months, like, hey, our clearance rates are not where they should be, you need to go back in there and make sure that you're, you know, checking and training, whatever.  So, you know, we've got some stuff in there. I just think But getting sign-off from the executive committee, it's really going to have to be something that they're going to see value in, and not just saving man hours, not just, you know, improving processes for a team of people they never even come in contact with.  But it needs to be something that they can go out there in the field, when they're meeting with people, and they're talking about, you know, $100, $200, $300 million deal, and, hey, by the way, this is part of our offering, and kind of that stuff, that's really where I see the wins coming from.

40:37 - Dylan ryan (by Coastal Elements)
  100% agree. The larger solution, I get that completely, and it's really, I think that's probably what you're going to need to move, and you don't get any sort of, you know, actual budget to do some sort of larger, you know, or anything like that from that standpoint as well.  So, makes perfect sense. I just, just so, pretty transparent as well. Obviously, I'm local. I got a lot of people that I've worked with within SL and SBOM.  There's been a lot of, you On that side as well. So if in any of my other conversations I do have, there's any insight or insight that would be valuable, I'll absolutely share with you from that standpoint as well.

41:12 - Mark Ashley
  If there's anything that, for whatever reason I heard is over in this space that sounds like there's something that they'd be interested in, whatever the case is, happy to share that, just to keep it in your backlog if there's- Dylan, anytime you're meeting with anybody, you know, feel free to, hey, you know, I met with Mark, let's maybe bring him the conversation, because what I don't enjoy is reining these, you know, people in, because they don't understand, you know, their little sliver of things, you know, there's a bigger picture here, and making sure that, you know, there's proper governance applied, and we're protecting the things that we need to protect, you know, that's number one.  You know, I, I'm, it keeps me up at night, you know, the- The stuff that's floating around out there and being sent out of our environment, and it's terrifying.  And you can put up every wall you want, and all it takes is some guy at lunch. Oh, let me just check this out, you know.  So, I want to be involved in these conversations, you know. I know the challenge that you're dealing with there.

42:18 - Dylan ryan (by Coastal Elements)
  I just know you have my firm commitment that there is absolutely no conversations that would go down any lane without pulling you into that.  Because you don't want, you're in charge of the entire infrastructure here. You don't want one lone wolf over here doing something that potentially could, you know.

42:35 - Mark Ashley
  Well, not so much that, but, you know, just making sure that if, you know, broker A has his need, well, you know, if we can widen the conversation about that one ask, and it benefits, you know, an entire department, then let's have that conversation.  But without being open, you know, and having those conversations, none of that ever happens. So, I, the point I'm trying to make is not like, you know, I want to.  Yeah. Like that, it's more, I want to be involved and help drive these conversations and help grow, you know, our technology footprint in a smart, sensible way.  It's really just wonderful. Nope.

43:14 - Dylan ryan (by Coastal Elements)
  And just noted and absolutely agree, to be honest with you, I would prefer, I would love to have you as part of any conversation.  So if there's, again, there's obviously friends, acquaintances that, you know, anything formal, I'm happy to keep you in loop.

43:30 - Mark Ashley
  Yeah, man, look, beer's in the garage, that doesn't count, right? I got you. Beer, on the road, whatever. No, no, we're on the same page, man.
  ACTION ITEM: Email Mark workshop framework + discovery Qs (HR, Finance, Multifamily, Brokerage) - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/Gis1bmxWHPRhMy-eM-yPZBkmB_NDCzHy?timestamp=2618.9999

43:40 - Dylan ryan (by Coastal Elements)
  So, yeah, so, again, for my output from this conversation, a couple things. One, I'm going to set something up as a placeholder for mid-January just so we have kind of a point there.  I'm going to see if I can put over the next, know, week or so, put together a couple things just to send over, like, hey, you know, this is an example of, like, what a workshop would look like, a framework there, maybe some, you know, questions that might be good from certain.  Departments there that as you're doing your departmental conversations that could be work just to have the lens on, hey, maybe there's something that, yeah, I'm also going to be looking at from the lens of not just, hey, am I fixing this one process issue, but is it something that potentially, you know, could be marketable as, hey, we're doing this for, you know, as an organization that could help kind of you guys scale as well, which obviously is going to be the things that those would be the upper levels there are going to be interested in from that standpoint.  But just some stuff that, you know, have handy in case it's helpful as you're having those conversations. And then, you know, we'll reconnect beginning of the year and see kind of where you guys are and where the lowest hanging fruit is for us to, you know, explore a partnership and then, you know, kind of go from there.  Cool.

44:43 - Mark Ashley
  I appreciate everybody. You got it. Mark, are you from the area here, Mark? Yeah, I moved to the beach in 88, so I was about 10, graduated Cox, married a girl that graduated.  graduated in 98 from Cox. And. And we lived over in Little Neck for about 10 years and moved back over to Great Neck when my oldest son was getting ready to go in high school.  And we both decided that there was no way in hell that any of our children weren't going to attend First Colonial High School.  And yeah, so we've made a home in Great Neck again where we both grew up and raised a family.  got a 22-year-old that's active duty Coast Guard. I got a 20-year-old who's at Tech, and then I got a 16-year-old who's still in the house, so.  Where do they go to school then, 16-year-old?

45:36 - Dylan ryan (by Coastal Elements)
  She goes to Cox.

45:37 - Mark Ashley
  Cox, okay.

45:38 - Dylan ryan (by Coastal Elements)
  I was going to say, because I'm in Hilltop myself, and just small world stuff. My grandmother was a teacher at Cox for 30 years.  What's your name? Miss Engel, she was an English teacher. No, no, no, you said that wrong.

45:55 - Mark Ashley
  It's Dr. Engel. Dr. Engel.

45:57 - Dylan ryan (by Coastal Elements)
  Yeah. So, yes. She was, she was, we'll grab.

46:01 - Mark Ashley
  lunch one day, maybe a late lunch, and share a beer, and I'll tell you a couple stories about her.  She pulled a Fast Times at Ridgemont High with me. Oh, I remember. I'm going to drop the name.

46:12 - Dylan ryan (by Coastal Elements)
  She's getting up there and age my grandfather. He's quick as a whip, man. I'll go toe-to-toe with him, with his whip.  My grandmother, she's getting up there and age now at this point.

46:22 - Mark Ashley
  Well, if she remembers my name, God help me, but I got called down to the principal's office, Dr. Pope's office, during exam week, and he said, you're not graduating.  I'm like, what the hell are you talking about? He's like, yeah, you failed English. It's like, there's no way.  And he said, well, you got to go up and talk to Dr. Engel. And so, I went up there, and she said, yeah, you're not graduating.  I have you down for 47 absences. I'm like, she marked me absent every day. I was two minutes late.  Oh, my gosh. And she said, here's the deal. I can't have you in my class for another year. He's like, you're too smart, and you make me too angry, so we're going to go through the exam question by question.  That's why I'm saying she pulled a full Fast Times at Ridgemont High, Mr. Hannon Spicoli going question, and we sat there and talked about Chaucer and everything, and she did not let me leave until, I don't know if it was I had served my time that day or what, but yeah, she, man, she was tough on me, buddy.

47:30 - Dylan ryan (by Coastal Elements)
  She's a very Southern woman as well, so she definitely, you know, she had her ways for sure, but that's hilarious.  Small world would love to grab lunch or beers at some point. Practically a neighbor, so I'll see if we can coordinate something.

47:49 - Mark Ashley
  Where in Hilltop are you?

47:51 - Dylan ryan (by Coastal Elements)
  So, Lindley area, just behind Jaladi and Nawab, just go deep into the back neighborhood.

47:59 - Mark Ashley
  I know very well. Well, that's kind of like the hidden neighborhood. I rode my bike through there one day, and when you get in the back, because, you know, you see the houses on First Colonial, and then you start riding back, and all of a sudden, you know, it's like you're in the back of Thorogood, or in the back of Little Neck, and you're...  I never knew it. Never knew it.

48:19 - Dylan ryan (by Coastal Elements)
  Bingham Street is the name of the street that we're on. Never even knew about this neighborhood. Again, went to Kempstville High School.  I've literally been in this area my entire life. My grandparents live on 78th Street, so this whole area has been, like, you know, part of my...  My, you know, ecosystem, and literally, these houses, like, I had no idea these were even here.

48:36 - Mark Ashley
  and then there are some houses back there that are the size of small hotels with deep water docks and, like, you know, helicopter pads, and you're going...  Across the street from us, everyone's got docks.

48:47 - Dylan ryan (by Coastal Elements)
  They're, you know, I'm on the land side of it, but, yeah, again, you go down the back avenue there, there's some properties that are some pretty intense ones over there, for sure.  There's real money back there.

48:59 - Mark Ashley
  There's There's There's There's real money back money real money there. there. there.

49:01 - Dylan ryan (by Coastal Elements)
  I got real lucky in finding them. You've bought in September of 2020, so we're sub-3. We'll never be able to afford this house ever again, is what it seems.  We got lucky in here at the time we did, so I'm just going ride it while I can, is what I want to do.  We refied at the same time.

49:19 - Mark Ashley
  This is now my forever home. Right?
  ACTION ITEM: Schedule lunch/beers w/ Mark (pre-Jan follow-up) - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/Gis1bmxWHPRhMy-eM-yPZBkmB_NDCzHy?timestamp=2962.9999

49:23 - Dylan ryan (by Coastal Elements)
  You can't get that equity, get the equity line so that you can continue to do what you want to do and all that kind of stuff.  So, but no, man, Mark, it's been great talking with you, man. I'm looking forward, I'm genuinely going to reach out, see if can grab lunch or something here, even before we meet next.  I would love to do it. But, you know, thanks again for the time, man. I'm looking forward to finding a way to collaborate with you.  But in the meantime, anything comes up before then that's worth, you know, an exploration or another conversation, just let me know.  Sure. Thanks again, Mark. Thanks, Polly.

50:00 - Mark Ashley
  Thanks, Appreciate it. Take care, guys.

50:02 - Princeps Polycap (poly186.io)
  Have a good one. Take care.